wife
Why don't you look like that in the restaurant?
How about your beautiful Miss Su?
Why didn't she take you in?
Is it that she can't even get in by herself?
Remember I will definitely make you like a dog
Bah
Let me give you money just like you
You are so funny
Just you old criminal
Come to the auction dressed like a dog
Don't pee
Look at yourself.
Who is Zhang Tianwang?
Look at this, give birth to him
My girlfriend's ex-boyfriend at the time
And I was my girlfriend for three years, simp.
He didn't even hold his hand.
I ended up in jail
I also did a three-year-old replay
It can be released two days ago.
Qin Feng
You are really thick-skinned at Lao Li
You still have the face to stay here, shut up